{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Terms and Conditions for NoteWorthy
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Last Updated: January 2025
\f1\b0 \
Welcome to NoteWorthy! Please read these Terms and Conditions carefully before using the NoteWorthy app ("the App"). By accessing or using the App, you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions.\

\f0\b 1. Acceptance of Terms
\f1\b0 \
By using the App, you agree to comply with and be bound by these Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree to these terms, do not use the App.\

\f0\b 2. Description of Service
\f1\b0 \
NoteWorthy provides the following features:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
AI-Powered Smart Tutoring
\f1\b0 : Features such as notes summarization, Q&A functionality, and the ability to ask questions based on your notes.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Notes Management
\f1\b0 : Create, organize, and store your notes within the App.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 3. Eligibility
\f1\b0 \
The App is intended for use by individuals who are at least 13 years old. If you are under 18, you must have the consent of a parent or guardian to use the App.\

\f0\b 4. User Accounts
\f1\b0 \
To access certain features, you may be required to create an account. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and for all activities under your account.\

\f0\b 5. User Conduct
\f1\b0 \
You agree not to:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Use the App for any unlawful purposes.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Violate any applicable laws or regulations.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Post or share any harmful, offensive, or illegal content.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 6. Content Ownership
\f1\b0 \
You retain ownership of the notes and content you upload to the App. By uploading content, you grant NoteWorthy a non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use, display, and distribute the content for the purpose of providing the services offered by the App.\

\f0\b 7. Privacy
\f1\b0 \
Your use of the App is also governed by our Privacy Policy, which outlines how we collect, use, and protect your personal information.\

\f0\b 8. Limitations of Liability
\f1\b0 \
The App is provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, express or implied. We do not guarantee that the App will be error-free, secure, or available at all times. We are not liable for any loss, damage, or inconvenience caused by your use of the App.\

\f0\b 9. Modifications to the App
\f1\b0 \
We reserve the right to modify, suspend, or discontinue the App or any of its features at any time without notice. We are not liable for any changes that may affect your use of the App.\

\f0\b 10. Termination
\f1\b0 \
We may suspend or terminate your access to the App if you violate these Terms and Conditions. You may also terminate your account by following the instructions within the App.\

\f0\b 11. Governing Law
\f1\b0 \
These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction in which the services are provided, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.\

\f0\b 12. Changes to Terms
\f1\b0 \
We may update these Terms and Conditions from time to time. Any changes will be posted on this page with an updated "Last Updated" date. Your continued use of the App after any changes will constitute your acceptance of the updated Terms.\

\f0\b 13. Contact Information
\f1\b0 \
For any questions or concerns regarding these Terms and Conditions, please contact us through the support channels available in the App.\
}